= Hooky

* http://github.com/jbarnette/hooky
* http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/githooks.html

== Description

Hooky lets you write Git repository hooks with Rake. If you already
have a Rakefile, write your hooks in Ruby! Hooky provides tasks for
most Git hooks, and lets you easily add behavior.

Git hooks are powerful: Check the Git documentation (linked above) for
detailed descriptions and lifecycle order.

== Examples

    # in your Rakefile
    require "hooky/tasks"

    task "git:applypatch-msg", [:file] do |_, args|
      puts "Proposed git-am commit msg: #{IO.read(args[:file])}"
    end

    task "git:commit-msg", [:file] do |_, args|
      puts "Proposed commit msg: #{IO.read(args[:file])}"
    end

    task "git:post-applypatch" do
      puts "Patch applied by git-am!"
    end

    task "git:post-checkout", [:old, :new, :branch] do |_, args|
      puts "you just switched branches!" if args[:branch]
      puts "old SHA: #{args[:old]}, new SHA: #{args[:new]}"
    end

    task "git:post-commit"
      puts "You made a commit!"
    end

    task "git:post-merge", [:squash] do |_, args|
      puts "You just did a merge!"
      puts "It was a squash." if args[:squash]
    end

    task "git:pre-applypatch" do
      puts "git-am is about to commit a patch!"
    end

    task "git:pre-auto-gc" do
      puts "git gc --auto is about to run!"
    end

    task "git:pre-commit" do
      puts "You're about to commit!"
    end

    task "git:pre-rebase" do
      puts "You're about to rebase!"
    end

    task "git:prepare-commit-msg", [:file, :source, :sha] do |_, args|
      puts "Building a commit message!"
    end

== Installation

    $ gem install hooky

    # in your project
    $ rake hooky:install

<tt>hooky:install</tt> symlinks all hooks to
<tt>.git/hooks/hooky</tt>, a stub that delegates to your Rakefile, but
it won't overwrite any hooks you've already created.

== License

Copyright 2009 John Barnette (jbarnette@rubyforge.org)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
